# BlackburnInventoryApplication
The user needs for the inventory application was a login that stored users in a database, along with a second database with the ability to add items and the amount, and also remove items.  There is also an SMS notification that alerts users if an item's amount hits zero.  My UI design from project two was much different than the final project.  I found a design that was easy to use with a very simple login screen that once logged in takes the user to the inventory screen where they can start adding items and amounts.  At the top of the inventory screen there was a toggle button to toggle the SMS notification on and off.  While coding this application I used many of the sections learned in Zybooks.  I did have to restart the application over and over out of frustration, but I basically read up on SQLite and different ways to develop databases using the Android Developer website.  The practices will help me in my future endeavors as mobile architectures is now something I have a grasp of, which admittedly was more difficult than anticipated, but the end product was satisfactory.  I know studying of documentation and trial and error are common practices in developing code, so I was grateful this application gave me a chance to do real research.  Throughout the whole project I had to inovate the whole time.  For the UI, I tried to make it as basic as possible, however, that also took a lot of trial and error.  Overall, I think I showed my skills throughout the whole application, but if I had to choose one area, it would be the inventory screen.
